I) INTRODUCTION
	Thank you for visiting us and taking the time to review our Privacy Policy. Your privacy is very important to us and our
	website was developed with that in mind.
II) DEFINITION OF TERMS
	This privacy policy (hereafter called 'The policy') applies to Timer4ever and all its products and services, and is effective 
	from 9 April 2017. The policy follows the guidelines outlined by the Data Protection Directive, FTC fair Information Practice, 
	and Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act(PIPEDA), and is provided for use by any individual, 
	organisation or corporation (hereafter called 'the Client', 
	i.e. You) with the the intention to use, or is currently using timer4ever and it's facilities included but not limited 
	to our databases and webpages (hereafter called 'The Service')
III) DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT THEM
	We only collect data expressly provided by the client, and information regarding the client's location and IP 
	address. This includes the client's chosen username and password, the client's email, and the titles and 
	descriptions of counters started while using the service. 
	Location information is collected automatically on sign up. Client's who do nothing more than visit the 
	website and go through the information provided will also have information on the time visited and their IP address 
	collected (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web).
IV) HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
	Timer4ever enables persons to create private counters that can be used to keep track of a variety of activiities or 
	other purposes, and we use your data to separate you from other clients using the service. We also use the data 
	provided to contact you, to show and measure ads and services, and to keep track in the event of a breach in our security. 
V) INFORMATION SHARING
	Your Personal data and information on your counters are yours alone and cannot be accessed or viewed by either other 
	clients or other 3rd party except in the event you use our sharing facilities to connect to social media.
	We won't sell/share your information with any 3rd party, except if the ownership of Timer4ever passes to such party. In 
	such eventuality, all clients' information will be passed to the new owner accordingly.
VI) INFORMATION STORAGE AND DELETION
	Information is recorded in our databases from date of visit or sign up by the client. The client reserves the right 
	to delete his/her account at any time, but client information will remain in our databases for at least a year before being removed.
VII) RESPONSE TO LEGAL REQUESTS
	We may access, preserve and share client information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order 
	or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests 
	from jurisdictions outside of the Nigeria where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that 
	jurisdiction, affects clients in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. 
	We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent 
	and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, the client and others, including as part of investigations; 
	or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
VIII) POLICY CHANGES AND HOW WE EFFECT THEM
	We reserve the right to modify the policy at any time, but will notify the client of such changes at least a fortnight before such
	changes go into effect.
IX) CONTACT US
	Timer4ever and its Services are provided by Ogwara Peter.

	If you would like to contact us with questions or comments about this policy, or if you believe that we have not adhered to this policy, 
	please notify us by contacting:

	House 13, A1 street, Phase 1,
	Gwagwalada, FCT Abuja.
	Nigeria.
	+2348103476420.
	peterogwara@gmail.com